Spelling python (#10802)
github/codeql: python/ql/lib/design.md

## Avoiding non-monotonic recursion

> Given the many interactive layers, it is important to decie which predicates are allowed to be mutually recursive in order to avoid non-monotonic recursion when negation is used to express the predicates.

Author: Actually, this is probably `interacting`

Reviewer: Yep.

> Given the many interactive layers, it is important to decie which predicates are allowed to be mutually recursive in order to avoid non-monotonic recursion when negation is used to express the predicates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given the many interacting layers, it is important to decide which predicates are allowed to be mutually recursive in order to avoid non-monotonic recursion when negation is used to express the predicates.
```
Indeed, this should be `interacting`. Also, the typo `decie` somehow slipped through as well. 🙂

Author: Well, there are >700 tokens for this slice of the repository, and I'm just letting Google Sheets do my spell checking (especially given the slices) -- the only manual stuff I'm doing is addressing [additional alerts that check-spelling generates](https://github.com/check-spelling/codeql/blob/spell-check-codeql-python/.github/actions/spelling/line_forbidden.patterns)

Google has nearly 1/2 million hits for `decie`, it looks like it's a Polish (?) family/place name. I guess that Google hasn't decided that it's a typo for decide often enough to suggest it 😄.
There's definitely an argument to be made for increasing review proportional to the number of corrections in a line.

That said, if you'd like to skim through
https://github.com/check-spelling/codeql/blob/spell-check-codeql-python/.github/actions/spelling/expect/spell-check-codeql-python.txt
and see if anything jumps out at you...
